Teerax Store - E-commerce Platform Welcome to the Teerax Store! Teerax
Store is an e-commerce platform that allows users to browse a wide range
of products, add items to their cart, and proceed to checkout. This
README will guide you through setting up and running the Teerax Store
project based on the React framework.

Table of Contents Introduction Features Getting Started Prerequisites
Installation Usage Contributing License Introduction Teerax Store is a
fully-featured e-commerce platform built using React, allowing users to
browse and shop for products with a seamless shopping cart and checkout
process. This project is designed for developers interested in learning
about or contributing to a React-based e-commerce application.

Features Product catalog with categories and search functionality User
authentication and account management Secure and easy-to-use shopping
cart Checkout process with address and payment details Product reviews
and ratings Responsive design for various devices Admin panel for
managing products, orders, and customers Order tracking and status
updates Getting Started Follow the steps below to set up and run the
Teerax Store project.

Netlify Link - https://teerax-store.netlify.app/

Prerequisites To run this project, you need the following software
installed on your machine:

Node.js - A JavaScript runtime for building React applications. npm -
The Node.js package manager. Git - A distributed version control system.
Installation Clone this repository to your local machine:

bash git clone https://github.com/your-username/teerax-store.git
Navigate to the project directory:

bash cd teerax-store Install project dependencies:

bash npm install Create a .env file in the root directory and configure
environment variables. You can use the .env.example file as a template.

Start the development server:

bash npm start Access the Teerax Store application in your web browser
at http://localhost:3000.

Usage The Teerax Store application is ready for you to explore. You can
create an account, browse products, add items to your cart, and proceed
to checkout. Be sure to check out the user guide and documentation in
the project\'s docs directory for more information on using Teerax
Store.

Contributing We welcome contributions to the Teerax Store project. If
you\'d like to contribute, follow these steps:

Fork the repository to your GitHub account.

Clone your forked repository to your local machine.

Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix:

bash git checkout -b feature-or-bug-fix-name Make your changes and
commit them.

Push your changes to your fork:

bash git push origin feature-or-bug-fix-name Create a pull request from
your fork to the main repository.

Your pull request will be reviewed, and changes may be requested before
merging.
